VMware: vmware_vm_inventory using vaulted config (#53048)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/vmware/vmware_inventory.rst

Executing ``ansible-inventory --list -i <filename>.vmware.yml`` will create a list of VMware instances that are ready to be configured using Ansible.

> Using vaulted configuration file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using vaulted configuration files
```

> ================================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=================================
```

> Since the inventory configuration file contains vCenter password in plain text which can be a security risk, you may want to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the inventory configuration file contains vCenter password in plain text, a security risk, you may want to
```

> encrypt inventory configuration file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
encrypt the inventory configuration file.
```

> encrypt the inventory configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
encrypt your entire inventory configuration file.
```

> You can encrypt a valid inventory configuration file which is created as per above instructions like:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can encrypt a valid inventory configuration file as follows:
```
